Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good morning.
I can't believe this.
It's my first day of classes,
and I look like
I already need a vacation.
No, you look great.
All you need is some caffeine.
It will get you going.
I need to work on my recipe?
No, no, it's great. Thanks.
So, what time did you get home
last night?
Oh, I think you mean morning.
Six-fifteen.
Really?
I'm surprised I didn't hear you.
I woke up at 6:00,
and I was so excited
I couldn't get back to sleep,
so I just hopped in the shower.
I'm so excited.
It's our first day of college.
- What time is it?
- Eight-thirty.
Here, I gotta go wake up David.
While you're at it, tell him
to clean up his mess in the kitchen.
David, come on, wake up.
We gotta get going.
David.
Just two more minutes.
Come on, you don't wanna be late
for your first day of classes, do you?
David, come on.
Donna, I'm a big boy, okay?
Don't worry, I'll get there.
Isn't that Dan Rubin?
How's it going?
Fine.
So, what's the hot story?
Let me guess,
panty raid at the Alpha House.
Classifieds, actually.
I'm looking for a job.
Really? I thought Brandon was
the only working stiff in your family.
Not anymore.
Just because I'm in school,
doesn't mean
I can't get a head start on real life.
Never too early
to start building that empire.
Right.
Good morning,
ladies and gentlemen.
And welcome to Romantic Poetry.
My name is Dr. Pettey,
and I will be your intrepid guide
through this rich and vibrant world
of meter, measure and meaning.
Poetry, like life, is based on...
Rhythm. The heartbeat.
The pulse rate.
All based on rhythm.
In poetry,
we have iambic pentameter,
trochaic tetrameter,
dactylic hexameter,
and on and on and on.
Here we go, Bren.
Bran, I can't believe this assignment.
How do they expect us to do this work?
Steve, it's two chapters, it's 45 pages.
It's no big deal.
You're missing the point. We're not
here to just study theory and data.
We're here to develop our social skills,
learn to interact with the larger...
Yeah, you interact. I gotta go
to the library and get started.
- Do you wanna come with me?
- I can't.
I got a meeting at the KEG House.
- Planning a freshman pool party.
- That's a party every week.
How are you gonna keep up?
It's a tough life,
but someone's gotta do it.
- Hey, Bren.
- Bren, how's it going?
- Hey, it's going.
- Any luck here on the job board?
Actually,
I'm heading over to Maxwell's.
Celeste said there's an opening there,
so it's my best lead.
Actually, it's my only lead.
- Well, good luck.
- Thanks.
- Bye, Bren.
- Bye.
Brandon, I don't think it's a good
idea that Brenda works at Maxwell's.
I thought Celeste
liked working there.
She does, but the thing is...
I'm gonna break up with her.
Why would you break up
with Celeste?
Gorgeous girl, a great chick.
You had a great summer together.
- What's the problem?
- I know, but...
Look around, Brandon, I don't think
this is the time for us to be tied down.
- When are you gonna lay this on her?
- I'm gonna tell her tonight.
She have any idea it's coming?
Probably not.
Well, go easy on her, man.
Hey, I'm a sensitive guy.
What's that?
They're 100 percent cotton,
and the shipment came in last week.
That's great.
Why don't you pick one out
in your size and try it on?
I'll be right back.
- Hey.
How did it go?
Trey's really nice, isn't he?
- Yeah, he's a great guy.
- What happened?
Nothing. I mean, I think he liked me.
But it's just the interview ended
and he put my application
on a pile with all the others.
There's a ton of people
who want this job.
Don't worry,
I'll put a good word for you.
- Thanks, I appreciate your help.
- Okay.
I should get back to my customer,
but I'll let you know if I hear anything.
Okay, so I'll see you
at the pool party tomorrow, right?
- Pool party?
- Yeah, on campus, for the freshmen.
- Didn't Steve tell you?
- No.
Well, I'm sure
it just slipped his mind.
Yeah.
- Bye.
Where's the barbecue sauce?
I forgot to bring it out.
I'll get it.
Can you tell him
to turn that down, please?
Donna, what do you think
about a segue
from Front 242 to Porno for Pyros?
Great.
Oh, wait, I want you
to hear something. Hold on.
Hold on. So, what do you think?
Whatever you want.
Donna, we're supposed
to be doing this together.
How come you never help me
with any of our playlists?
David, I'm sorry.
I just can't take it anymore.
I'm not a night person.
And lately, I'm not a day person either.
The show is driving me crazy.
It'll get better, you'll see.
We just have to prove ourselves.
I can't.
Donna, as soon as Howard sees
that he can count on us,
he'll give us a day shift.
Look, David,
maybe things come easier for you.
But with all this reading,
I'm gonna fall behind.
Well, can you just hang in there?
I don't know.
So, what do you wanna do?
I'm gonna go see Howard tomorrow.
And I'm gonna quit.
Donna, he hired us as a team.
I'm sorry, David.
So, what are you saying?
You can't hack it, so the hell with me?
- No.
- Well, that's what it sounds like.
That's not what I'm doing.
Whatever.
David, don't be angry.
Look, I'll do the show with you tonight,
but that's the last one.
Listen, don't do me any favors,
okay?
Kelly?
John.
- How did you know where I live?
- I'm a psychic.
I hope you don't mind.
I followed you home.
You followed me?
It's the only way I could figure out
how to find you.
I wanted to give you these.
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
But I thought I told you at the party
I already have a boyfriend.
Yeah, Dylan.
See what a good memory I have?
Very impressive.
Look, Kelly, I want you to know
that I respect the fact
that you're in a relationship.
Good.
But I also want you to know
that I don't give up easily.
Especially when it's worth it.
So I hope this has cleared up
any misunderstandings that we've had.
I'll see you girls later.
Beautiful flowers.
Yeah, they are.
You know, it's funny
when I think about how we first met.
You and Brandon fighting over me
on some silly game show.
I remember
how I really wanted that date.
I just didn't give much thought
to settling down, though.
It's funny how things turn out.
I guess it really was love
at first sight.
Sometimes I think...
Well, sometimes I think
I'm not that type.
You know, we don't have to go
to that movie if you don't want to.
Were we gonna go to a movie?
We can do anything you want.
Anything?
So I looked it up on the microfilm,
and there it was.
Lincoln's Gettysburg Address,
right on the front page
of The New York Times.
You should have seen
what they wrote about him.
You would have thought the guy
had held up traffic
on the Cumberland Trail
just to get his beard trimmed.
- Hey, Bren.
- Brenda.
Dinner is almost ready.
I am too tired to chew.
- How did it go?
- Four jobs on the Westside.
Either they were all taken
or they wanted somebody full-time,
or they obviously
just hated me on sight.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
I even started getting depressed
about the jobs I didn't want.
Well, what about Maxwell's?
They offered me a charge account.
Did you take it?
Look, honey, don't worry.
You'll find something.
You know what I really hate?
It takes just as much work
to find a job,
and you don't even get paid for it.
Have you talked to Nat yet, Laverne?
Come on,
I do not wanna be a singing waitress.
- Well, what do you want?
- I don't know.
I just keep on worrying
that we're gonna get finished
with all this education and there's
still not gonna be any jobs left for us.
I felt the same way
when I was in college.
And hey, look at me.
You just have to have patience.
Thanks, Dad.
Brenda.
How would you like to work for me?
I want a real job.
This is a real job.
We're short on office help.
She'll work cheap.
No, thanks.
I wanna do it on my own.
Andrea,
this assignment is impossible.
I cannot write my life story
in ten sentences.
Well, you heard what Rubin wants.
He just wants us to select a detail
that gives a sense of who we are.
Great. I'll write ten sentences
on the bags under my eyes.
Oh, I think he wants something
like a decision we've made
or some important event in our life
that's helped to shape us.
Like when all students stood up
for you so you could graduate.
Now, that would be something great
to write about.
Andrea, do you think I'm selfish?
You, selfish?
Please, you're one of the most
unselfish people I've ever met.
I told David I was quitting
the radio show last night.
I know. They hired us as a team
and that's a really terrible thing
to do to him, right?
Depends why you're quitting.
Well, I'm just so tired
I'm walking into walls.
And David's sleeping all the time.
He doesn't go to classes.
Then he makes me feel
like I'm being a wimp
for not being able
to keep up with him.
Well, the one thing I learned
from my short stint
on the campus paper
was that these people really take
what they do seriously.
So if you wanna make it,
you're gonna have to commit.
I just don't know
if I want it that much.
Not like David.
That's what you have to go on.
Hi. I'm going down to get a soda.
Can I bring you back anything?
No, nothing for me, thanks.
- Root beer, please.
- One root beer coming up.
He is so cute.
Donna, he's a teacher.
Oh, excuse me,
like that's ever stopped you before?
You went out with the drama teacher
and you were flirting with Mr. Myers.
- I was not.
- And that was just in high school.
That was ancient history.
Face it, Andrea, you like older men.
Look who's here.
The most beautiful girl
in the freshman class.
- Hello, John.
- Hello, dear, what's happening?
I'm just waiting for my boyfriend.
Well, if you were my girlfriend, I
wouldn't keep you waiting for anything.
No, I bet you wouldn't.
So am I gonna see you later
at the freshman pool party?
Since when are you a freshman?
You know, I don't think they're gonna
be checking for IDs at this thing, Kelly.
I think so.
Here comes Dylan.
I'm only leaving so I don't have
to share you with anyone.
Bye.
- Kelly, it's unbelievable.
- What?
Do you have any idea
who's on campus today?
- Who?
- Emil Brewster.
The guy who wrote the biography
of Kerouac that I've been reading.
- You know?
- Oh, sure.
And here it is, it's very amazing.
I mean, Jack Kerouac was the rebel
role model for an entire generation
and he ended up
living with his mother.
- Some role model.
- Yeah.
- So, what time is the lecture?
- I think 4:00.
Well, I was sort of hoping
that you'd go to the pool party.
Yeah, right.
"The Brady Bunch Goes to College. "
Come on, Dylan, I really wanna go.
So go, Kel.
You don't need my permission.
But I wanted us to go together.
I mean, everybody'll be there.
It'll be fun.
Look, Kel, you go to the pool party,
I'll go to lecture and we'll meet up after.
You can be so selfish sometimes.
It's just like France all over again,
isn't it?
You wrapped up in your world,
leaving me out in cold.
No, this isn't like France.
All your friends are here.
Fine, I will go with David and Donna.
My point exactly.
- You just don't care, do you?
- About what?
You know what?
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about me.
Don't worry about us.
As far as I'm concerned,
you don't have to worry about anything.
So how'd she take it, man?
- Celeste is a great girl.
- I tried to tell you that.
I used the old Sanders finesse,
handled it with kid gloves.
Hi, Steve.
- Leslie, how are you doing?
- Hi, Leslie.
So am I gonna see you
at the pool party?
Leslie, you're no freshman.
No, I'm the Greek Council
hospitality rep.
Oh, well, don't forget
to be hospitable to me.
Always.
Oh, God, how could I say that?
What are you worried about?
You're a free man.
Not quite.
Not only did I not break up
with Celeste,
I invited her to the pool party.
I thought you were gonna break up
with her.
I tried.
You know, you're right, Steve.
You are a hell of a sensitive guy.
Hi, do you have a minute?
Come on in.
I warned you about this
from the very beginning.
Maybe I should come back later.
How could you do this to me?
Do you know what time it is?
What's on your mind?
I wanted to talk to you about the
radio show I'm doing with David Silver.
Fine, then don't. Goodbye.
Oh, about the radio show,
I really wanted to thank you
for the opportunity,
but now that my classes have started,
everything has just,
well, kind of changed and, I mean,
everything's a lot more demanding.
What's going on?
My afternoon shift didn't show up.
I need someone to fill in.
And you're someone.
I wanted to talk to you
about the radio show.
You guys are doing a great job.
Keep up the good work.
You're on in three seconds.
Hi, good afternoon.
This is KXCU.
I'm Donna, a freshman,
a pretty confused freshman.
Still figuring out what's going on.
I'm still trying
to juggle everything around.
Classes, my first apartment,
getting my homework done
without a study hall.
Now, that's a tough one.
And my English teacher expects me
to write my life story in ten sentences.
I mean,
maybe I'm missing something here,
but who has a life like that?
Just figuring out what to wear in
the morning, that takes 20 sentences.
Gosh, at least.
Hey, Bren, any luck on the job front?
I don't know. Somehow I don't see
my future staring back at me.
Look at this, part-time fortune teller
- at Madame Zorina's.
- At Madame Zorina's.
Very funny, guys.
- Oh, my God.
- What is it?
Production assistant
for famous television producer.
Well, that sounds right up your alley.
Here goes nothing.
Well, as soon as I saw the listing,
I knew it would be the perfect job
for me.
Because I wanna be an actress,
and I figured
this would be the perfect entry.
Not that I wouldn't take
my responsibilities seriously.
I mean, I would make
a great production assistant for you.
Oh, my God,
you did Love on a Drawbridge?
That was my favorite show.
I never missed a single episode.
Me neither.
Oh, I don't know how you kept on
coming up with such ingenious stories.
Especially since they were
always stuck on that drawbridge.
But even though it happened
every week, it was so unexpected.
And this is where you would work.
- This is a nursery school.
- A daycare center.
I was the first producer
to provide one for my employees.
I thought you wanted
a production assistant.
You would be
a babysitter-slash-production assistant.
A hyphenate.
This could lead to bigger
and better things, you know.
What, like executive babysitter?
And that was "Walking in My Shoes"
by Depeche Mode.
Speaking of which, it looks like it's time
for me to be walking on out of here.
But before I go,
here's one last request.
And this one is from Regina
in Drake Hall.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
You were beautiful.
- I was?
- Oh, you better believe it.
From now on, this is your shift.
Oh, this is great.
David's gonna be so excited.
He's been so frustrated
with the night shift.
Yeah, well, unfortunately,
I can't bring David along with you.
But we're a team.
I still need him on the 2 to 6.
But he's my boyfriend.
That's your problem.
You did great, Donna.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you tomorrow.
- Okay.
- Keep up the good work.
You know, I've been thinking
about what you said last night.
Dad, I didn't mean
to blow you off like that.
No, no, no, I respect you for it.
No matter how bad things get,
that tough, independent spirit of yours
is probably gonna see you through.
And despite the fact that half the time,
I wanna wring your neck,
I'm very proud of you.
So I guess I would look like
a complete jerk if I asked you
whether the job offer still stands.
Well, the job is yours if you want it.
In fact, you can start right now.
Thanks, Dad.
I will work so hard.
And nobody will think of me
as the boss's daughter.
Well, you're hired.
The first thing I need you to do,
as a matter of fact, is deliver these
to Chris Charvat at her office.
Address is on the label.
They're very important for
a business deal she's putting together,
and she has to get these
by 9:00 tonight.
Okay, no problem.
I just wanna stop by the campus
for this freshman social thing.
I mean, it's no big deal.
I just wanted put in an appearance.
That's fine. She'll be working late.
- Just make sure you get to her by 9.
- Thanks, boss.
I love this job.
All right, gentlemen, here we go.
Hey, Celeste.
Hey, this is amazing.
God, if they had a setup
like this at my JC,
I never would have dropped out.
- How do you want your burger?
- Not yet, thanks. I'll wait for Steve.
Okay.
Making friends wherever he goes.
Well, you know Steve,
Mr. Congeniality.
Yeah.
Listen, if you're gonna keep
getting jealous,
Steve's gonna drive you crazy.
- You know how he is.
- I know.
What the hell?
Hi, honey.
I was wondering
when you were gonna get here.
I can see how lonely you are.
Celeste, where are you going?
Hey, so where's your boyfriend?
- He couldn't make it.
- Oh, that's too bad.
- You are terrible.
- The worst. Do you want a drink?
- Hi.
David, these are my new
sorority sisters, Deborah and Jennifer.
And this is my one and only,
David Silver.
- Hi.
- Hi, David.
Wait a minute,
am I hearing an echo or something?
Were you on the radio
this afternoon?
Yeah, was that you?
I didn't know
you had your own radio show.
Neither did I.
She was so great. Like the way
you handled those requests?
That guy who called in
for Megadeth?
And the bit that you did
about having to clean up
for your roommates was hysterical.
Yeah, really.
God, it sounds like you're living
with a bunch of slobs.
Could you excuse us
for one second?
Look, David,
I never called you a slob.
No, I don't care about that.
I thought you said
you were gonna quit.
I was.
Then how did you get
on the air again?
The DJ that was supposed to be there
never showed,
before I knew what was happening,
Howard had me in the booth.
So does that mean
we get the day shift?
I don't know how to break this
to you, but it's not we.
More like me.
What? I thought we were a team.
I tried to tell Howard that.
Well, obviously you didn't try
hard enough.
David, I didn't do that to you
on purpose.
Then why did you do it at all?
Do you really think I'm that selfish?
All right, listen up, everybody.
In 15 minutes, we'll be starting
the dance contest.
So choose your partners
and listen for the next announcement.
Come on, let's go dance.
- No, I'm not in the mood.
- David.
Listen, why don't you go dance
by yourself, all right?
I mean, that's what you want anyway,
isn't it?
- Wait, tomatoes?
- Tomatoes.
You really know how
to work a hot dog. Look at this.
- Tomato, yes. Good.
- Yeah, tomato.
Haven't you ever had tomato
on your hot dog?
I am now.
Hi.
Dylan, hi.
You remember John Sears
from West Beverly.
Not really.
Nice to meet you.
Kelly and I were just talking about you.
And here I am.
Well, it's nice to see you.
Tell me, which frat house
are you gonna pledge to?
Crack house.
Great.
I'll see you guys later.
We could have a fight right now,
but that's not why you came, is it?
No, the only reason I'm here
is to be with you.
Well, I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad too. Come on.
Andrea, what are you doing?
I'm working on my essay
for your class.
I can't get these transitions right.
Why aren't you at the pool party?
I wouldn't enjoy myself,
knowing I had work to do.
Andrea, the essay can wait.
It's not that important.
Save and exit. Go.
- Go.
- Wait.
All right, I'm going, I'm going.
Oh, my God, turn, turn.
Excuse me. Excuse me, guys.
- You wanna get something to drink?
- No, thanks.
I'm sorry, I got so carried away
over there. You know how it is.
My pledge buddies.
They're a great bunch of guys.
I'm glad you came.
Hey, Sanders, get over here.
Wait till you see what Ronson's got.
I'll be right back.
- Brenda, I'm desperate.
- What?
You've gotta help me,
David's really upset.
- What happened?
- Okay, listen up, everybody, listen up.
As promised,
it's time for the dance contest.
Now, best frosh dancers
win straight A's for two semesters.
Or a $25 gift certificate
to Poncho's Pizza. It's your choice.
Come on, what do you say?
- What? That?
- Come on, yeah.
No way, you're lucky I'm even here.
Don't push it.
You want a soda?
- All right.
- Come on.
- Hi.
What's your major?
I'm Brenda Walsh. I'm studying
pre-law, premed and premenstrual.
I'm not really sure which one.
David, come on, I thought
that you'd be the first one out there.
Have you ever been stabbed
in the back by somebody you trusted?
Yeah, I'm an old hand at that.
Well, this looks
like a pretty dead crowd.
What do you say we go show
these college types how it's done?
I'll be right back.
Hey, Steve, I've been looking for you
all over the place. Let's dance.
- Leslie, I'd love to dance with you...
- Then go ahead.
Cel.
Hi, Brandon,
how would you like to dance?
Boy, did you pick the wrong guy.
Andrea, I'm so glad you're here.
Now, I finally have someone
to stand around with.
Forget it, Brandon. I'm dancing.
Come on, Andrea.
Let's go find some guys with legs.
Yeah.
Now, don't stop now.
Come on, everybody.
Everybody,
come on, it's a pool party.
Don't stop, don't stop, it's a contest.
Now bop till you drop,
you know what I mean?
Come on, yeah.
Shake, shake, shake. Yeah.
Celeste.
Celeste, what's wrong with you?
Hey, come on,
I wasn't gonna dance with her.
If I'm baggage to you, just tell me now.
Let's just get it over with, okay?
What are you talking about?
I asked you to come with me, didn't I?
No, you didn't. I asked you.
If I hadn't brought it up,
you never would've mentioned it.
You're blowing this
way out of proportion.
Why don't you just give me
a chance to explain?
Celeste.
We're having a good time now,
aren't we?
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop.
Nice to see you.
Sorry, guys, get off the floor.
We're reaching down, we're reaching
down. Getting close to the wire.
Who's gonna make it?
Come on, spread out, spread out.
Only the best can win.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
All right, you're gone.
Sorry, guys.
Who's left? Who's left?
Who's it's gonna be?
Come on, get them.
Okay, we have a lot
of incredible dancers here.
But the winners...
The winners
of the freshman dance contest are...
- Brenda Walsh.
- And David Silver.
Okay, how about a big round
of applause for Brenda and David?
Have a nice swim.
No!
Everybody in the pool!
- Threw me in the pool?
- Yeah.
- Ready to go under?
Admit it, you had a great time.
Yeah, don't ever make me
do this again.
No!
I'm ready to go.
Listen, Donna,
I'm sorry I acted like such an idiot.
I mean, I know you'd never
do anything to hurt me,
and there I was, letting my ego keep
you from getting what you deserve.
We both deserve it,
and we'll both get it.
Being on the radio
in high school changed me.
I mean, somehow I went
from geek to celebrity.
I guess what really freaked me out
is that maybe
I couldn't do it on my own.
I'd just go back to being
the same old nerdy David Silver.
David, you taught me
everything I know.
You were great before me,
and you'll do great now.
Thanks.
Let's get out of here.
Let's go find Brenda.
Did you guys see
that huge guy dancing?
You know, the one with the redhead?
I mean, he was incredible.
He must have weighed,
like, 300 pounds,
but seriously, he had some moves.
He was amazing.
No, no, what about the guy
in the yellow shirt?
Now, I thought for sure
he was gonna win.
He had some moves.
Well, you guys, I had
a tremendous amount of fun, as usual.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
I forgot
to deliver my father's contract.
Oh, I really blew it.
I gotta get out of here. Bye.
I should have just told Leslie
to take a hike.
Steve, you were avoiding Celeste
all day.
I was not, I was with my friends.
- And what is Celeste, your enemy?
- No, she's...
Maybe you just can't deal with the idea
of her breaking up with you.
All right, I screwed up.
Now what am I gonna do?
Well, in situations like this,
there only is one thing ever to do.
- What's that?
- Beg.
That's not gonna work.
I mean, this girl is really pissed off
at me, and she's got every right to be.
I think I'm falling in love with her.
I haven't felt this way about a girl
since Kelly.
Then why do you act
the way you do?
Sometimes I follow my heart,
and everything's okay.
But then Mr. Greenjeans
has his own ideas.
You know,
I bet if you went to Celeste
and just admitted to her
that you were a horse's ass,
she might forgive you.
Admit that you're a horse's ass.
I don't think that's gonna work.
Well, everyone's allowed
to make a mistake.
- Hi, guys.
- Hey, Bren.
- Hey, Brenda.
- Hey.
Hi, Dad.
What's wrong, Brenda?
Well, I got to the office,
just like you said, but she wasn't there.
Did you leave the contracts
with her assistant?
Well, her assistant
wasn't there either.
- Actually, the building was closed.
- What time did you get there?
Nine o'clock.
Didn't I tell you how important
those contracts are?
Didn't I tell you
she has to get them tonight?
Well, can't we have them delivered
to her home?
She's already left for New York.
- I don't know what we're gonna do.
- How about faxing them?
That's not the point.
I gave you one responsibility.
- Dad, I'm sorry.
- Sorry isn't gonna cut it.
Dad, please,
I know that I screwed up.
But from now on,
I promise I'll be more careful.
Look, Dad, please give me
a second chance. Don't fire me.
Everyone's allowed
to make a mistake.
You're not fired.
Thanks, Dad.
Thank your brother.
Donna, you don't have
to keep me company. I'm okay, really.
I'm gonna be up half the night
writing my essay anyway,
so I might as well be with you.
David...
Oh, Donna, hey.
Great, this saves me a phone call.
You're here late, aren't you?
Listen, I won't be needing you
to come in in the afternoons after all.
The DJ that didn't show
changed her mind.
What?
And since she's my girlfriend...
Your girlfriend?
Yeah, well, you two know
how tough it is
mixing business with pleasure.
Anyway, Sally and I broke up
and we've worked it out.
So I guess she'll be getting
her old slot back.
So keep up the good work.
You know, there's still an open chair
here on the night shift.
No, I think I've had quite enough
of this for a while.
Thank you.
Celeste.
Celeste, I came to apologize.
Come on, don't run away.
Cel.
Celeste.
I'm really sorry for how I acted.
I guess I'm sort of
adjusting to college.
It's like a period of transition for me.
New friends, new life.
Cel, that is not how I meant it.
Steve, I accept your apology.
Cel. Celeste.
I'm really sorry.
I acted like a jerk, I know that.
What can I say?
I was trying to score points.
I was busy trying to be
the big man on campus.
Everything you accused me of
was true.
I wish there was some way
I could undo it.
You really hurt me.
I promise I'll never do it again.
You do and you'll never score
another point.
Does this mean I can still see you?
Oh, baby.
"Being accepted by Yale was probably
the honor of which I was most proud.
However, the responsibilities
of money and family
could not have been ignored.
In conclusion, I have learned
that what sometimes appears
to be the most attractive alternative
is not always
the most appropriate one. "
Any comments?
Well...
It's obvious this student is very bright
and she's worked very hard.
But it doesn't sound like
a human being wrote this, does it?
I want your writing to sound like you,
not what you think
good writing should be.
Here's another essay.
See if you can hear the difference.
- Donna.
- Yes?
I want you to read your essay
for the class.
Class, this is Donna Martin.
Hi.
"My first walking shoes
are bronzed in my father's office.
Sometimes I think that's how
he wants to remember me.
When I first started school,
my mother bought me
a pair of black
patent leather Mary Janes.
The other kids
were all wearing bucks,
but my mother insisted
that my Mary Jane's were prettier.
Finally, when I was in the fifth grade,
I talked her into letting me have
a pair of high purple suede boots.
She said they made me
look precocious, but I loved them.
In junior high,
I bought a pair of Doc Martens.
My father, who's a doctor,
thought I was making fun of him.
And after a big fight,
they stayed in the closet. "
So you think my writing stinks, huh?
Not at all.
But the point of the assignment
was to let me know who you are.
Well, I wrote
about a very difficult decision.
Yes, and you made it seem
like the easiest thing in the world.
You hid behind your intelligence.
You never revealed
what goes on inside of you.
What makes you unique.
I just...
I didn't wanna make a fool of myself.
Well, I guess that's the chance
you have to take.
But until you're willing to risk it,
you're never gonna know
who you are.
You're never gonna grow.
You'll always be Andrea Zuckerman,
West Beverly valedictorian.
She's a smart girl.
But who the hell is she?
So how are your table manners?
My what?
Would I be embarrassed
going out to dinner with you?
No.
My table manners
are one of my best qualities.
Good. Then I'll see you tonight.
Okay?
Okay.
Great.
I'll get it, Kelly.
So, what is it today?
"Introduction to Psychology. "
What are you doing here?
You know what I'm doing here.
And don't say any more
about Dylan.
You keep telling me
you have a boyfriend,
but you never tell me to go away.
And you never tell me
to leave you alone.
Yes, I do.
Maybe you think you do.
Just give me one chance, Kelly.
Please leave me alone.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org